%%
%% Setup Guide
%%
%% This file should be edited by user
%%

\chapter{Setup Guide}

You have implemented some system others will use? They will surely
acknowledge a short setup guide here. Describe the system
requirements and setup steps in a precise way here, like for
example:

\section{System Requirements}

In order to use the \emph{thesis template}, you need to install
\LaTeX, furthermore an editor supporting {\LaTeX} is recommended.

\subsection{Required Software for Windows}

For compiling this template, we used the actual version of MikTeX,
which is a an up-to-date implementation of {\TeX} and {\LaTeX} for
all current variants of Windows on x86 systems. MikTeX is freely
available at \url{http://www.miktex.org}.

As an editor, we recommend the free \emph{TeXnicCenter} (available
at \url{http://www.toolscenter.org}). Both, MikTeX and TeXnicCenter
are published under the \ac{GPL}.

\emph{TeXnicCenter} comes with an integrated spell checker,
otherwise you are recommended to install the Windows version of
\emph{aspell}, an open source spell checker under the \ac{GPL},
which is available at \url{http://aspell.net/win32/}.

If also want to do
 grammar checking, try Queequeg
(\url{http://queequeg.sourceforge.net/index-e.html}) or see guides
like the one at
\url{http://www.physics.usyd.edu.au/guides/spell-grammer-latex.html}.

\subsection{Required Software for Linux and BSDs}

The standard distributions for Linux already come with a {\LaTeX}
system (typically \texttt{tetex}).

As an editor, we recommend the Kile editor (available at
\url{http://kile.sourceforge.net/} under \ac{GPL}).

As spell checker we recommend \emph{aspell}, an open source spell
checker that replaces the older \emph{ispell} checker. \emph{aspell}
is included in most distributions, otherwise it can be downloaded
from \url{http://www.gnu.org/software/aspell/}. If also want to do
 grammar checking, try Queequeg
(\url{http://queequeg.sourceforge.net/index-e.html}) or see guides
like the one at
\url{http://www.physics.usyd.edu.au/guides/spell-grammer-latex.html}.

\subsection{Required Software for Apple Mac OS X}

The \emph{darwin ports} (\url{http://darwinports.opendarwin.org/})
provide a port of \emph{teTeX} that can be installed under Apple Mac
OS X.

As an editor, we recommend TeXShop (available at
\url{http://www.uoregon.edu/~koch/texshop/} under \ac{GPL}).

As spell and grammar checker we recommend Excalibur
(\url{http://www.eg.bucknell.edu/~excalibr/}).

\section{Installing the Thesis Template}

The thesis template comes in a zip-archive. Simply extract the
archive into a directory of your choice and start working.

\section{Types of Bachelor's Theses}

Of course, not all Bachelor's theses require a setup guide.

%%
%% = eof =====================================================================
%%
